doc/scratch.md, before:

# Scratch area

## global index page (empty path)

simply a page that will redirect you to the index for your preferred language, or english by default.

## Final release

- Minify HTML
- Minify CSS
- Minify JS

## Use typescript

it's better

## On firefox 128 release (9 juillet)

Take advantage of @property support. Replace *bg-img-project* and *bg-img-definition* by *bg-img*.

## definir équipe projets nsi

```json
    "nerzic-brevin": {
        "names": [
            "Brévin Nerzic"
        ],
        "type": "person",
        "logo": {
            "isThemedSvg": false,
            "url": ""
        },
        "synopsis": "",
        "wiki": ""
    },
    "dubouil-clea": {
        "names": [
            "Cléa Dubouil"
        ],
        "type": "person",
        "logo": {
            "isThemedSvg": false,
            "url": ""
        },
        "synopsis": "",
        "wiki": ""
    },
```

## Print CSS

Break-inside avoid and stuff

## windows classic theme

yes. It would be awesome. Use system colors.

need to put in theme

- border radius
- border widths
- transparency
- maybe more?

make content blocks appear like windows, with a (non-interactive) title bar (backround image?)

## thème "tableau craie" (chalkboard)

bordures : blanc brillant (*c.f.* cmd.exe)

niveaux : tous en noir

## Sort technologies

- Alphabetically: for consistent ordering (as json order may be inconsistent)
- Group by type: so we don't mix vs-code and programming languages. also this does our initial idea of having an "editors" section

## Take another photo

Something more customized than the class photo.

## Une page sur le sujet de grand oral?

Pourquoi pas

## Recommended projects

Compute similaritly index based on number of tags in common

At the bottom of each project page.

Show up to a row, so maybe 5? that feels like a good number. Of course it may span over multiple rows on mobile.

maybe i could show them in a sidebar?

## Large image preview

for project gallery but not only

## C code syntax highlighting

## start loading jsons on page load

use maybe a map with cached jsons?

## js langs

format title based on value of the html lang attr

annoying we have to duplicate logic from php -> js.

## Formaliser le contexte

mettre dans un json traduit et utiliser des clés primaires dans projects (comme avec types pour les définiitons...)

## idea for the portfolio project card

make its background a screenshot of the current page

if JS supports this, this will require making all project card generation dynamic

This will also mean no more project card HTML generation logic duplication between PHP and JS.

## Fix contrast issues

## Save.tf link?

Why not. In perspectives, "Team Fortress 2"

## Projects

- JSlave
- ztest
- FileSignatureDetector
- Portfolio
- Ethercrash
- Dialogs
- ED++
- Cori
- MyMalloc
- C-exCeptions
- WPFZard
- Demineur Python
- NormalizeVolume : an FFMPEG helper for volume normalization : histoire avec renault zoé
- UnixTimestamScreenSaver : why didn't this already exist
- NoMoreVehicles
- The Last Teacher : nouvelle

- S1.01 Implémentation d'un besoin client : lowlevel, C, dialogue client
- S1.02 Recherche Algorithmique &rarr; Sudone
- S1.03 Docker, Markdown parser, Bash, automatisation et scripting, sysadmin
- S1.04 BDD BUT
- S1.05 Site de steaming
- S1.06 Découverte du monde de l'entreprise
- S2.01 IHM & JavaFX
- S2.02 Découverte Algoritmique, problème des N reines
- S2.03 Apache HTTP Serveur
- S2.04 BDD + stat + data mining
- S2.05 Gestion de Projet
- S2.06 Teambuilding & film : Chevalier d'Un Jour

stories

s1.01 blockquote cite attribute

### Galleries

- S1.02, S1.01 : shells
- S1.01 : documentation

### Histoires

Reprendre la structure des compte rendus d'anglais

- \+ Livrables

### Project repositories

GitLab for SAÉs. Put the in a group called BUT.

S1.01 : host doxygen generated html on gh-pages, add link

## Perspectives page

My opiniated rants on some things

Structure:

liste verticale d'élements avec un border-radius élevé. Séparé en deux parties (gauche : image, droite : titre + abstract)

chacun mêne vers une page individuelle.

### Future of AI

On the future of AI : individualization after democratization

Won't replace programmers or most human jobs.

LM studio...

### The lie we tell ourselves

Capitalism realism, individual unability to change the world. But together we can make it better

### failure is success

fail early. a program that crashes is better than a program that hides its failure

or why i don't like javascript

the compiler is your friend

### voyager's software

a marvel of engineering. a timeless lesson for all of us programmers.

## only show each definition trigger as a link once per title

that way we don't repeat it too much while still providing it regularily?

do we even need to do this?

## fix tooltips

sometimes they don't go away

fade transition

Commit message:

fixed tooltip eternal show bug

doc/scratch.md, after:

# Scratch area

## global index page (empty path)

simply a page that will redirect you to the index for your preferred language, or english by default.

## Final release

- Minify HTML
- Minify CSS
- Minify JS

## Use typescript

it's better

## After firefox 128 release (9 juillet)

Take advantage of @property support. Replace *bg-img-project* and *bg-img-definition* by *bg-img*.

## definir équipe projets nsi

```json
    "nerzic-brevin": {
        "names": [
            "Brévin Nerzic"
        ],
        "type": "person",
        "logo": {
            "isThemedSvg": false,
            "url": ""
        },
        "synopsis": "",
        "wiki": ""
    },
    "dubouil-clea": {
        "names": [
            "Cléa Dubouil"
        ],
        "type": "person",
        "logo": {
            "isThemedSvg": false,
            "url": ""
        },
        "synopsis": "",
        "wiki": ""
    },
```

## Print CSS

Break-inside avoid and stuff

## windows classic theme

yes. It would be awesome. Use system colors.

need to put in theme

- border radius
- border widths
- transparency
- maybe more?

make content blocks appear like windows, with a (non-interactive) title bar (backround image?)

## thème "tableau craie" (chalkboard)

bordures : blanc brillant (*c.f.* cmd.exe)

niveaux : tous en noir

## Sort technologies

- Alphabetically: for consistent ordering (as json order may be inconsistent)
- Group by type: so we don't mix vs-code and programming languages. also this does our initial idea of having an "editors" section

## Take another photo

Something more customized than the class photo.

## Une page sur le sujet de grand oral?

Pourquoi pas

## Recommended projects

Compute similaritly index based on number of tags in common

At the bottom of each project page.

Show up to a row, so maybe 5? that feels like a good number. Of course it may span over multiple rows on mobile.

maybe i could show them in a sidebar?

## Large image preview

for project gallery but not only

## C code syntax highlighting

## start loading jsons on page load

use maybe a map with cached jsons?

## js langs

format title based on value of the html lang attr

annoying we have to duplicate logic from php -> js.

## Formaliser le contexte

mettre dans un json traduit et utiliser des clés primaires dans projects (comme avec types pour les définiitons...)

## idea for the portfolio project card

make its background a screenshot of the current page

if JS supports this, this will require making all project card generation dynamic

This will also mean no more project card HTML generation logic duplication between PHP and JS.

## Fix contrast issues

## Save.tf link?

Why not. In perspectives, "Team Fortress 2"

## Projects

- JSlave
- ztest
- FileSignatureDetector
- Portfolio
- Ethercrash
- Dialogs
- ED++
- Cori
- MyMalloc
- C-exCeptions
- WPFZard
- Demineur Python
- NormalizeVolume : an FFMPEG helper for volume normalization : histoire avec renault zoé
- UnixTimestamScreenSaver : why didn't this already exist
- NoMoreVehicles
- The Last Teacher : nouvelle

- S1.01 Implémentation d'un besoin client : lowlevel, C, dialogue client
- S1.02 Recherche Algorithmique &rarr; Sudone
- S1.03 Docker, Markdown parser, Bash, automatisation et scripting, sysadmin
- S1.04 BDD BUT
- S1.05 Site de steaming
- S1.06 Découverte du monde de l'entreprise
- S2.01 IHM & JavaFX
- S2.02 Découverte Algoritmique, problème des N reines
- S2.03 Apache HTTP Serveur
- S2.04 BDD + stat + data mining
- S2.05 Gestion de Projet
- S2.06 Teambuilding & film : Chevalier d'Un Jour

stories

s1.01 blockquote cite attribute

### Galleries

- S1.02, S1.01 : shells
- S1.01 : documentation

### Histoires

Reprendre la structure des compte rendus d'anglais

- \+ Livrables

### Project repositories

GitLab for SAÉs. Put the in a group called BUT.

S1.01 : host doxygen generated html on gh-pages, add link

## Perspectives page

My opiniated rants on some things

Structure:

liste verticale d'élements avec un border-radius élevé. Séparé en deux parties (gauche : image, droite : titre + abstract)

chacun mêne vers une page individuelle.

### Future of AI

On the future of AI : individualization after democratization

Won't replace programmers or most human jobs.

LM studio...

### The lie we tell ourselves

Capitalism realism, individual unability to change the world. But together we can make it better

### failure is success

fail early. a program that crashes is better than a program that hides its failure

or why i don't like javascript

the compiler is your friend

### voyager's software

a marvel of engineering. a timeless lesson for all of us programmers.

## only show each definition trigger as a link once per title

that way we don't repeat it too much while still providing it regularily?

do we even need to do this?

## fix tooltips

sometimes they don't go away

fade transition

Fix bug: when you hover the card and go back to the tooltip, the definition doesn't go away

What we can do: add the tooltip to the DOM once when it's shown for the first time, and then never remove it, just hide it.
